Conf regions docs (#2045)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/03-60-regions-configuration.md

# Regions and Zones Configuration

> Most Kyma plans require specifying a region in the request body as one of the provisioning parameters. The regions' configuration allows you to control which regions are available for the Kyma plan and the platform region. Additionally, every region has a different set of zones.

Reviewer: Maybe in the last sentence, describe that below region configurations are used to create Kyma Environment Broker catalog schema for regions per plan.

That besides validtion on KEB side, KEB uses that for schema generation.

## Allowed Regions

> The `plansConfiguration` section of the `values.yaml` file contains a list of plans. Every plan has a platform region with allowed regions. To avoid specifying all possible platform regions, define `default` values, for example:

Reviewer: maybe add a notice here, that plans like free and trial are not supported now, cause their provider depends on the BTP region.

plansConfiguration:
  aws:
    cf-eu11:
      - eu-central-1
    default:
      - us-east-1
      - us-west-2
```

The above configuration means that the `cf-eu11` platform region is allowed to use only the `eu-central-1` provider region, while all other platform regions are allowed to use `us-east-1` and `us-west-2` provider regions.

## Display names and zones

The json schema, which defines allowed regions, contains a list of a region display name, which is shown to the user. All region must have corresponding display name and set of zones defined in the `providersConfiguration`. The display name is shown to the user in the UI, while the zones are used by the provisioning process to create a worker node pool.
```yaml
providersConfiguration:
  aws:
    regions:
      eu-central-1:
          displayName: "eu-central-1 (Europe, Frankfurt)"
          zones: [ "a", "b", "c" ]
      eu-west-2:
        displayName: "eu-west-2 (Europe, London)"
        zones: [ "a", "b", "c" ]
  azure:
    regions:
      brazilsouth: 
        displayName: "Brazil South"
        zones: [ "1", "2", "3" ]
      canadacentral: 
        displayName: "Canada Central"
        zones: [ "1", "2", "3" ]
```

> The above configuration defines display names and zones for AWS and Azure regions. You can describe regions for the following providers: azure, aws, gcp, sap-converged-cloud.

Reviewer 2: While we can refer to plans using technical names, such as `aws` or `azure,` I believe we should use the full proper names of providers: Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, and SAP Cloud Infrastructure. WDYT?

Author: The line 45 describes possible values (keys in the structure) in the config. It would be hard to write something like:
```
providersConfigurations:
  "Microsoft Azure":
    regions:
      brazilsouth:
        displayName: "Brazil South"
        zones: [ "1", "2", "3" ]
```

Those values described in the line 45 are used in the configuration, not for user interface. On the other hand, the display name is shown to the user.

Reviewer 2: In that case, it's a good idea to use code font for the names you originally used.

You can describe regions for the following providers: `azure`, `aws`, `gcp`, `sap-converged-cloud`.

# Regions and Zones Configuration

Most Kyma plans require specifying a region in the request body as one of the provisioning parameters. The regions' configuration allows you to control which regions are available for the Kyma plan and the platform region. Additionally, every region has a different set of zones.

> The configuration is used to validate the region specified in the request body. Additionally, those regions are used to generate schemas for the catalog endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The configuration is used to validate the region specified in the request body, and those regions are also used to generate schemas for the catalog endpoint.
```

Reviewer 2: You used `Additionally` in line 3. Let's not use it again in line 4.

## Allowed Regions

The `plansConfiguration` section of the `values.yaml` file contains a list of plans. Every plan has a platform region with allowed regions. To avoid specifying all possible platform regions, define `default` values, for example:

```yaml

plansConfiguration:
  aws:
    cf-eu11:
      - eu-central-1
    default:
      - us-east-1
      - us-west-2
```

The above configuration means that the `cf-eu11` platform region can only use the `eu-central-1` provider region, while all other platform regions can use the `us-east-1` and `us-west-2` provider regions. 

> Trial and free plans are not listed in the `plansConfiguration` section. The list of allowed regions for free is calculated in the code. The trial plan does not support region parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The trial and free plans are not listed in the `plansConfiguration` section. The list of allowed regions for the free plan is calculated in the code. The trial plan does not support the **region** parameter.
```

Reviewer 2: In the code sample below, it is `regions`, so should it be "the **regions** parameter" (plural)?

The configuration is used to validate the region specified in the request body, and those regions are also used to generate schemas for the catalog endpoint.

## Allowed Regions

The `plansConfiguration` section of the `values.yaml` file contains a list of plans. Every plan has a platform region with allowed regions. To avoid specifying all possible platform regions, define `default` values, for example:

```yaml

plansConfiguration:
  aws:
    cf-eu11:
      - eu-central-1
    default:
      - us-east-1
      - us-west-2
```

The above configuration means that the `cf-eu11` platform region can only use the `eu-central-1` provider region, while all other platform regions can use the `us-east-1` and `us-west-2` provider regions. 
The trial and free plans are not listed in the `plansConfiguration` section. The list of allowed regions for the free plan is calculated in the code. The trial plan does not support the **region** parameter.

> [!NOTE]

> > If the configuration does not contain any region for given plan, such plan is not present in the catalog endpoint and cannot be used for provisioning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If your configuration does not contain any region for a given plan, this plan is not present in the catalog endpoint and cannot be used for provisioning.
```

## Display Names and Zones

The JSON schema, which defines allowed regions, contains a list of region display names, which are shown to the user. Each region must have a corresponding display name and a set of zones defined in the `providersConfiguration` section. The display name is shown to the user in the UI, while the zones are used by the provisioning process to create a worker node pool.
```yaml
providersConfiguration:
  aws:
    regions:
      eu-central-1:
          displayName: "eu-central-1 (Europe, Frankfurt)"
          zones: [ "a", "b", "c" ]
      eu-west-2:
        displayName: "eu-west-2 (Europe, London)"
        zones: [ "a", "b", "c" ]
  azure:
    regions:
      brazilsouth: 
        displayName: "Brazil South"
        zones: [ "1", "2", "3" ]
      canadacentral: 
        displayName: "Canada Central"
        zones: [ "1", "2", "3" ]
```

> The above configuration defines display names and zones for AWS and Azure regions. You can describe regions for the following providers: azure, aws, gcp, sap-converged-cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above configuration defines display names and zones for AWS and Azure regions. You can describe regions for the following providers: `azure`, `aws`, `gcp`, `sap-converged-cloud`.
```
